Create mongodb-fcv-mismatch.md (#62)
percona-platform/portal-doc: docs/advisors/checks/mongodb-fcv-mismatch.md

# MongoDB FeatureCompatibilityVersion

## Description

> This check warns if there is a mismatch between the MongoDB version and the internal FCV parameter setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check warns if there is a mismatch between the MongoDB version and the value of the internal FCV (Feature Compatibility) parameter.
```

## Resolution

**FeatureCompatibilityVersion (FCV)** enables or disables the features that persist data incompatible with earlier versions of MongoDB.

If there is a mismatch between the MongoDB version and the FCV parameter, make sure to set the FCV according to the MongoDB version. 
See below the values associated with FCV.

|Deployments | FCV |
|--------------------------------------|---|
|For 6.0 deployments upgraded from 5.0 | "5.0" until you setFeatureCompatibilityVersion to "6.0". |
|For 5.0 deployments upgraded from 4.4 | "4.4" until you setFeatureCompatibilityVersion to "5.0". |
|For 4.4 deployments upgraded from 4.2 | "4.2" until you setFeatureCompatibilityVersion to "4.4". |
|For 4.2 deployments upgraded from 4.0 | "4.0" until you setFeatureCompatibilityVersion to "4.2". |

To view the **featureCompatibilityVersion** for a mongod instance, run the **getParameter** command on a mongod instance:

```
db.adminCommand( {
                    getParameter: 1,                    
                    featureCompatibilityVersion:     
                  }
               )
               
```
To set the Feature Compatibility Version, run the command against the admin database. 

> For eg.: Set FCV on MongoDB 6.0 version, run the following command -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to set the FCV on MongoDB 6.0, run the following command -
```

Reviewer 2: @nastena1606 - I think Need to remove "to" from the   "MongoDB to version". Below is the suggestion -

"For example, to set the FCV on MongoDB version 6.0, run the following command -"

Reviewer: updated
